[Music]
hey youtubers my name is Amy and I'm
Julie and with the doping substance
welcomed our kitchen today we're doing
chicken fried noodles now everyone knows
what a delicious plate of fried noodles
tastes like but we're going to show you
the secret to the juices amusing ever
had so let's get started so for these
amazing noodles we're just going to keep
it really simple we've got some egg
noodles bean sprouts broccoli some
thinly sliced carrot diced up ginger and
garlic and chicken thigh cut into strips
so the first thing we're going to do is
start by marinating our chicken so I've
got 300 grams of chicken thigh here now
we really recommend using thigh instead
of breast meat for this dish because it
is just that much more juicy and today
we just add a really classic marinade of
half a teaspoon of light soy sauce 1/4
of a teaspoon of salt 1/4 of a teaspoon
of sugar a pinch of pepper and 2
tablespoons of water we're also going to
add 1/2 spoon of corn flour and a
quarter of a teaspoon of baking soda to
find out why we use these 2 magic
ingredients check out our pots take a
video on food tube while the chicken is
marinating we're going to get the
noodles ready now we think you'll all
agree that fancy noodles are much better
than soggy ones and a stir fry and to
achieve that we always cook our noodles
just so that it's just softened because
they'll keep cooking in the wok pour
some boiling water over 250 grams of
thin egg noodles and we may start to
loosen up give them a swivel chop is it
great for this now when they're just
soft and bouncy like a tangle of elastic
bands
quickly drain them in a colander and
you're good to go ok we're ready to
start cooking so we're gonna start with
the chicken get your wok superhot do we
want to add about 2 tablespoons of
vegetable oil add in half of the ginger
and garlic then later chicken out in a
single layer so though it can get some
nice color on there let the chicken do
its thing for a couple of minutes then
start flipping it so it ends up nicely
browned all over
then add in 60 milliliters of water and
cover very quickly so that we can trap
in all of those lovely flavors so the
magic that's happening on the wok right
now is that the cornflour in the water
is forming this beautiful slick gravy
that's gonna copy every strand of
noodles that's how we get them so juicy
without adding loads of oil give it a
minute to cook the chicken through then
scoop everything out into a clean bowl
and set aside and go is one tablespoon
of oil in the rest of the garlic and
ginger let that through the little way
into a fragrant then add in half a
handful of carrots a whole handful of
bean sprouts and a handful of broccoli
give it a good stir to cook the fish
through properly we're gonna give it
some steam all you have to do is add an
eighty miles of cold water stick a lid
on it and then it cooks through turn the
heat down to low so the vegetables don't
firm I'll add in the rest of the
ingredients for the noodles cut them up
slightly it's very easy to toss you can
do this with a pair of scissors if you
like and go the noodles now pour that
lovely gravy on top along with the
chicken to season and we're using 3/4 of
a teaspoon of salt one and a quarter
teaspoon of sugar and one teaspoon of
dark soy slide each spatula down the
side of the wok until the meat in the
middle then the fauces them up at the
same time along with bunch of noodles
give the noonas a little jiggle at the
top then release key rotation this until
everything is mixed together in the
noodles that heat it through all there
is to it guys
chicken fried noodles Oh delicious they
smell amazing too for those beautiful
colors so the inner thighs chicken fried
noodles super juicy and soo
greedy and you know what there's
no shame in using a fork Yeah right
really plump noodles mm-hmm all right
thank you very much for watching
and we're gonna finish this off he asked
know if you guys make it yeah on social
media if you do cuz we love seeing
photos of the things you make and then
it's just really hot looking for us okay
so I think's very true this and see you
next time bye
[Music]
you